Create search-listing.md (#269)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: content/1.7/back-office/shop-parameters/search/add-edit-alias.md

---
title: Add/edit alias
weight: 1
---

# Add / Edit alias

> When in this page, there are 2 input fields shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this page, there are 2 fields displayed:
```

>  - "Alias" this field is mandatory, when trying to save the field empty, shows the message: "Aliases and results are both required."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Alias**: this field is mandatory. When trying to save and if the field empty, the following error message is displayed: "Aliases and results are both required."
```

> A tooltip for this field shows: "Enter each alias separated by a comma (e.g. 'prestshop,preztashop,prestasohp'). Forbidden characters: &lt;&gt;;=#{}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tooltip for this field is displayed: "Enter each alias separated by a comma (e.g. 'prestshop,preztashop,prestasohp'). Forbidden characters: &lt;&gt;;=#{}"
```

>  - "Result" this field is mandatory, when trying to save the field empty, shows the message: "Aliases and results are both required."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Result**: this field is mandatory. When trying to save and if the field is empty, the following error message is displayed: "Aliases and results are both required."
```

> A tolltip for this field shows: "Search this word instead."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tooltip for this field is displayed: "Search this word instead."
```

## Call to action

> - Save:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Save:**
```

In the case of adding a new alias, the alias is added and a success message is displayed on the search listing: "Creation successful". In the case of editing an alias, the alias is edited and a success message is displayed on the search listing: "Creation successful".

> - Cancel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cancel:**
```

> The alias is not added/edited and the search listing is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The alias is not added/edited and the search listing is displayed.

## Multistore

While creating or editing an alias, it's added or edited for all shops (no matter the context selected). So, the list displays all the aliases, no matter the context selected.

👉 See [the specs](../../../../../../broader-topics/multistorespecialsspecs.md#list-of-pages-for-specific-case-2-add-new-pages-without-shop-association-block) 
```
